TELCODOCS#2004: Day 2 Operations - Security Doc (#86603)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-security-lifecycle-mgmnt.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/observability/telco-security-basics.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-security-lifecycle-mgmnt_{context}"]
= Lifecycle management

> Upgrades are critical for security. When a vulnerability is discovered, it is patched in the latest release (z-release). This fix is then rolled back through each lower Y-release until all supported versions are patched. Releases that are no longer supported do not receive patches. Therefore, it is important to upgrade OpenShift clusters regularly to stay within a supported release and ensure they remain protected against vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: I believe we call them z-stream releases. 
```suggestion
Upgrades are critical for security. When a vulnerability is discovered, it is patched in the latest z-stream release. This fix is then rolled back through each lower Y-stream releases until all supported versions are patched. Releases that are no longer supported do not receive patches. Therefore, it is important to upgrade {product-title} clusters regularly to stay within a supported release and ensure they remain protected against vulnerabilities.
```

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
